======== SAMPLE 1 ========
app in this manner?  This was an attempt at self defense that went awry. 

"I'll tell you something," the doctor said.  "Let's just say..."  

"It's not like I have a choice," I muttered.  "I've got too much to lose 
to you, and I'll have to take it.  I'll do it as an honor or I'll 
take it, and I'm going to leave without a trace.  But I'm sure you're going to 
take the wrong path!"  

"Do it," I pleaded, trying to be honest with myself.  The only way that 
would ever be a safe place for me to be, was if someone at this 
time took advantage of everything I was capable of.  I thought back as if 
I'd lost. 

"If I just give up," I whispered back, hoping that the last time someone 
did that, they would try something else.  Something I'd been doing right 
now.

"Don't try to be a good friend.  This is going to get hard," I growled. 

There was silence in the hall, which had gone a bit too quickly with 
all that.  Something inside of me snapped, a scream that sounded like a 
gravitational force.  

I blinked.  I knew what it was.  All of the pain I'd been dealing with 
was being replaced by the power of something bigger than myself.

Suddenly there was a voice inside me.  It was a voice that just seemed to 
be talking to me.  It seemed to be in my head, I thought.  It sounded 
like my head was being sucked back out of the chair that was 
hugging me and sending a shockwave over each of my nerves.

"You don't understand," it growled.

I frowned as each voice had sounded.  After a week or so of trying to 
reinforce myself, I knew that that would not work.  I had to give up.

"Look at me," I said slowly, sounding scared or disgusted.

There was a voice again in my head, and again that was in 
my head.  I knew that this was the same voice that was coming 
around my head. It was a new voice for me.  

The person inside would be replaced by a human girl.  She was the 
most beautiful woman I'd ever seen and she had no face or hair.  She was 
black and had green eyes in the middle of her skin.

I thought back to the day of my first meeting with Dr. 
Brett.  The night before I'd gotten home, he'd been helping me 
get home.  It had been strange to think that someone in his future 
would be there.  I wanted to give away the news of Dr. Breen, but 
I knew something had to be done.  

With the news of Dr. Breen's death, I was angry that I'd been able to 
take what was left as a gift, something that I'd never been able to get 
real, but I did think I had some kind of power to give away.

"You're going to try," the voice whispered.

It didn't happen.  The voice repeated it for two more 
hours, and eventually it was gone.

"I'll be here soon," the voice finished, and another voice came 
to me now, still in the room, still inside the room, still inside the 
room.  I stood and turned in.

"I wish I was here," the voice said.

"And what would you be if you didn't want me," I answered.

The voice seemed to be louder than the first one.  The voice 
was now louder than my last one, even louder.  It stopped. 
Suddenly the voice that would have been Dr. Breen had been gone.

I stood up.  I was so confused.  I had no idea that this voice 
was the right one.  Something had changed within me.  I had a 
voice, a voice with an emotional weight.  That voice was now the angry 
voice.

"What am I ever going to do about you?" I asked.  "I want to protect you."

"Nothing," the voice said again.  "I'm just going to take what I 
got," it repeated.

There was a moment of silence.  I did that to hold back the tears 
from falling into the dark.  I could feel
